hello my name is Josh and I'm having the
deep brain stimulation surgery known as
devious always treats conditions
movement disorders which I have the
center tremors see you know right hand
will have this condition since 2002 we
just progressed since then the
medications don't work no more so I've
opted for the surgery I'm being treated
at Vanderbilt hospital which is a
terrific hospital awesome hospital and I
just had the first stage surgery done
yesterday the first stage what they do
is they put anchors in your skull they
screw it in and what the anchors are
used for is for the second stage to put
the equipment on your head so let me
show you what it looks like they stapled
it up to cover it up yes it does hurt
but that's what pain medicines were so
the second stage what they do is they do
they drove a hole through your skull
they put the lead probe in your brain
which sends frequencies your brains say
stop shake and stop trimmer from there
you stay overnight once day once they
find the spot in your brain you know
it's a sniper tremoring stay overnight
and about a week and half later you go
back to have the third surgery which the
third surgery they connect a wire to the
lead pro it goes down to your collarbone
that stay connected to your battery they
allow you to choose which side you want
the battery is down and they also have a
couple batteries to choose from
obviously the bigger battery is going to
last longer like the biggest barrier
they had last up to 10 years but I
really didn't feel like having a clunk
of battery on my collar bone so I chose
the smallest one which is three to five
years you know expect it's time for it
to last so you know I just wanted post
this video here to keep you guys up to
date I know a lot of people look on
youtube for resources as far as you know
this type of surgery and what to expect
things of that nature how it looks like
you know how the patients have to work
so I just wanted to post this now post a
second third video for the second stage
and third stage so I wish you guys a
very best luck keep you posted